
h1. Redisstore

Redisstore is a Javascript client for the "Redis":http://code.google.com/p/redis/ key-value database for RingoJS.

It uses "jredis":http://code.google.com/p/jredis/ Java Redis client library.

The intention is to provide a thin wrapper around the jredis client library, while at the same time making using it via Javascript more convenient then direct access to the libraries Java API. 


h2. Limitations

This initial version only provides a limited number of redis commands. It is intended to support all commands that are provided by the jredis client library.
Currently supported commands are:

@get, set, sadd, smembers@


h1. Installation

Run the following command with a recent git version of RingoJS:

@ringo-admin install ngv/redisstore@ 

h1. Usage

Run ringo to start the Ringo shell.

Connect to a server:

@var redis = new require("ngv/redis").connect();@

Add a new key:

@redis.set("mykey", "avalue");@

Now get the key you just added:

@redis.get("mykey");@

And to disconnect:

client.close();



h1. License

Redisstore is distributed under the BSD license.

Copyright (c) 2009, National Gallery of Victoria
All rights reserved.

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without 
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions 
are met:

  * Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, 
this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
  * Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, 
this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation 
and/or other materials provided with the distribution.

Neither the name of the National Gallery of Victoria nor the names of its 
contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this 
software without specific prior written permission.
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS 
IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, 
THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR 
PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDER OR 
CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, 
EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, 
PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR 
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF 
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING 
NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS 
SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.



